MTM-59331 add changelog for databroker robustness fixes (#2339)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-10-20-501-fixes-to-increase-databroker-robustness.md

---

> date: 2024-07-23

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 
```

> title: "Issue with data broker message forwarding after platform network reconfiguration"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Data broker message forwarding no longer stops after platform network reconfiguration"
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-V6J_FcOT2
    label: Data broker
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-59331
version: 1020.501.0
---

> There was an issue where data broker connectors stopped forwarding messages due to the platform network reconfiguration. This was fixed along with some robustness changes to ensure message forwarding is more consistent e.g. during platform maintenance.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to an issue, data broker connectors stopped forwarding messages after platform network reconfiguration. This issue has been fixed along with some robustness changes to ensure message forwarding is more consistent, for example, during platform maintenance.  
```
